How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I can write code that maintainable by adding comments and putting ideas on paper to better understand where I was mentally at the time and to understand the end goal better. I added in tests and catchs that allowed me to use the functions in multiple ways as to work with multiple projects at once allowing for more flexability. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I read and re-read the requirments and wrote on papaer what I was doing and what steps I needed to work on to reach my end goal. This project was much harder than my last projects as it was unclear what I was doing and difficult to test anything in the process, this added in difficulty and unclear steps to follow, I could have combatted this by taking a step back and understanding the proccess better and tring to tackle the issue in a different way. 

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
They create solutions to problems in the computer world, they design create and innovate ways to think and advance the work they do. 
